The name on the report is clearly Shen Guiying
How come?
I didn't expect you to always doubt me
Now it's clearly written in the report
You should believe me
Mom is a daughter
I will definitely compensate you in the future.
Then you should get rid of that bitch Shen Guiying now
Go home
Xiaojie
You old bitch
How dare you sadfishing in front of your wife?
The old lady is the lady's mother
You lowly servant
What are you?
How dare you offend the old lady
Our Colonel Zhang can't spare you
Go, get out of here
Let go of me
I am your mother
How many of you?
Quickly throw this unlucky thing out
Stop
Luo Yufeng
This woman is not your biological mother at all
She is lying to you.
Pardon me?
This report has been exchanged
Shen Guiying is your biological mother